UFM: `umbValue` refinements (#7694)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/reference/umbraco-flavored-markdown.md

The syntax for UFM filters uses a pipe character `|` (Vertical Line). Multiple filters may be applied, and the value from the previous filter is passed onto the next.

To display a rich-text value, stripping out the HTML markup and limiting it to the first 15 words could use the following filters:

```markdown
{umbValue: bodyText | stripHtml | wordLimit:15}
```

{% hint style="info" %}
Please note, using `umbValue` directly with a rich-text value will not display the contents. This is due to the complexity of the underlying data structure. The `stripHtml` filter has been designed to support the rich-text value.

> Alternatively, you may use the UFM Expression syntax to access the raw rich-text value, e.g. `${ bodyText.markup }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may use the UFM Expression syntax to access the raw rich-text value, like `${ bodyText.markup }`.
```
